hi everyone this is a coli okay Jesse
today I'm going to do a review on my
hand skin caviar gold BB cream and I'm
also going to compare this one with my
skin food chinko green BB cream in shade
number two so first of all I got both of
these on eBay and I got the skin food
for $10 and that already includes
shipping and handling fee and I was
lucky because the seller just got
started on eBay so everything he showed
what was that lower prices than usual
and he also included some samples for me
which was nice and this one was $15 and
that also includes shipping and handling
fee and I was also very lucky when I
bought this one because the highest
bidder I guess she didn't pay soon
enough so I got a second offer since I
was a second highest bidder and so I got
this one for $15 and malov product that
you get for skin food there's a 50
milliliter of products for this one
there's 35 milliliter of products so the
price per ounce skin feel definitely
wins and this is usually so at a lot
higher prices I've seen listing on eBay
that Soulstice at $34 so considering
that I was really really lucky now
moving on to the fragrance scheme feed
beauty cream has a really subtle like an
almond II kind of smell
I guess that's the fragrance of chingkuo
leaves whereas a caviar BB cream
you can hardly tell there's a new
fragrance there is not much progress at
all for the consistency scheme food is
more of a creamier consistency whereas
Han skiing is more of a watery
consistency I can show you so that is
the skin food as you can see it has a
baiji undertone and this is hand scheme
have your goat BB cream and if you look
at them side by side you will see that
in asking one that has this greyish as
she undertone compared to skiing food
and this is also true when you blend it
all on your face I'm not sure if there's
another color that will match with my
skin better but this one seems like it's
too light for Miss King and it looks a
little bit ashy at the Thomas to pull on
my skin tone so that's a color right
there and when you blend it out
I'm skin food is really creamy so it's a
very very blendable and it leaves a
really really glowy finish finish on
your skin and it just matches with my
skin very well and at the same time it
really brightens up my skin tone so
that's skin food when it's blend out and
for the hand skiing since it's a very
watery the coverage is not as good as
skiing food and you can expect to use a
little bit more product since it's not
as blendable on if we're skiing food a
little bit of product goes a long way
but since hand skiing it's more of a
watery consistency so you might have to
use a little bit more for the coverage
so that's hence
and if you just compare these two you
can still kind of see the ashy undertone
for hand scheme so to skin-food shades
number two is definitely great match for
my medium olive skin tone and I think in
Mac foundation shade I'm about NC 30 in
everyday minerals I use golden medium
and light olive I switch between those
two and those two are pretty good match
for me and for Maybelline I use medium
number two and I forgot what's name I
take a sandy beige or some color like
that it's a pretty good match for me
so that is the color I would recommend
people who have lighters skiing actually
to get this one because excuse me it has
an ashy rounder Channel whereas people
have maybe NC 25 two and C 35 you can
get on the skein foot one because that
really match with my scheme and the
lasting power is about the same have to
say because as soon as you put it on
both beliefs a very glowy finish but I
guess that glowy finish kinda it's like
a compromise for oil control for people
who have more greasy skin or oily skin
or a combination allure like t-zone
that's very oily you might have to blot
once or twice throughout the day and you
might have to put on more setting powder
or mattifying powder to absorb that
excess oil
um the coverage like I said skiing food
is definitely better because of its
creamier consistency as far as skin care
property I really can
say that neither of these BB Creams have
improved my skin tone or reduced the
size of my pores or reduced the
pigmentation of my acne scars when I put
it on I have to say that yes it does
reduce the appearances of my pores near
my nose to Brenda's on my cheeks and
also my acne scars but as soon as I
removed makeup I can't really say that
BB creams have significantly helped my
skin to heal from acne scars or redness
but that being said BB queens are still
a really really great alternative to
foundation because it's like foundation
and sunscreen lotion combined into one
it's a very light and it provides a
really really nice coverage yet it looks
very glowy and natural on your skin so
you know I can't really say much about
skincare sight of these BB creams but
would I buy this again yes I would
probably at the same price at $15 but if
it goes any higher than that I will
probably still go back to skiing food I
think in many different areas I think
skin food ones are just a little bit
because of its consistency coverage and
amount I get for the amount of price I
pay so that is my review on the two of
the BB creams I try it so far if you've
tried any other brands if you have any
recommendations please feel free to tell
me and if you have any questions just
leave the comment below and I will see
you next time
you